Update where available section of PS overview (#7525)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/privacy-sandbox/overview/index.md

## Where are the Privacy Sandbox APIs available?

Privacy Sandbox APIs are implemented in [Chromium](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Chromium_(web_browser)),
which is the open-source browser used to make Chrome. Code for the Privacy Sandbox APIs 
can be accessed with [Chromium Code Search](https://source.chromium.org/search). You can 
[download Chromium](http://chromium.org/getting-involved/download-chromium), then 
[run it with flags](https://www.chromium.org/developers/how-tos/run-chromium-with-flags) to allow access to APIs that are in the process of implementation.

Privacy Sandbox technologies, including [relevance and measurement APIs](/blog/shipping-privacy-sandbox/#whats-shipping) 
as well as [CHIPS](/docs/privacy-sandbox/chips/) and 
[Related Website Sets](/docs/privacy-sandbox/related-website-sets/), 
are now available for all users for all Chrome channels on Android and desktop. As with all technologies, use feature detection to check for support and availability before accessing a Privacy Sandbox feature.

[Chrome Platform Status](chromestatus.com) details browser and implementation status on desktop, Android, iOS, and Android WebView, for individual APIs:

> * [All features](https://chromestatus.com/features) provides shipping  milestones, standardization signals, relevant [Blink](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVRLeOX-TGI) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [All features](https://chromestatus.com/features) provide shipping  milestones, standardization signals, relevant [Blink](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVRLeOX-TGI) 
```

  components, and other information for an individual feature. You can star a feature to be notified of  updates,  and view your starred features from [My features](https://chromestatus.com/myfeatures).
* [HTML & JavaScript usage metrics](https://chromestatus.com/metrics/feature/popularity) 

> shows the percentage of page loads in Chrome that use a feature across all channels and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
show the percentage of page loads in Chrome that use a feature across all channels and 
```

Author: Name of the page, though

> platforms. Note: this reflects how often the API is being called from pages, not how many users 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
platforms. Note that this reflects how often the API is being called from pages, not how many users 
```

have a feature enabled on their browser.

Chrome Status metrics charts for Privacy Sandbox ads APIs are collated on [pscs.glitch.me](https://pscs.glitch.me).

### MacOS, iOS and iPadOS
Chrome on MacOS supports the Privacy Sandbox APIs, but Safari on MacOS (which uses WebKit) does not.

[Apple's App Store rules](https://developer.apple.com/app-store/review/guidelines/#:~:text=2.5.6) mean that Chrome and other browsers on iOS and iPadOS must use the WebKit browser engine, which does not support the Privacy Sandbox APIs. 

### Android WebView

[WebView](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/webkit/WebView) allows you to display web content in an app, but lacks some of the features of 

> fully developed browsers. We do not currently include WebView at this stage of third-party 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fully developed browsers. We don't currently include WebView at this stage of third-party 
```
